pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesVersions.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesVersions
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ActivityBackupBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ActivityBackupBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dnscrypt_fragment/DNSCryptFragmentPresenter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dnscrypt_fragment.DNSCryptFragmentPresenter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dnscrypt_fragment.DNSCryptFragmentPresenter$1
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentShowLogBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentShowLogBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_bridges/BridgeAdapter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_bridges.BridgeAdapter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_bridges.BridgeAdapter$BridgeViewHolder
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/HttpsRequest.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.HttpsRequest
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/language/Language.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.language.Language
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/MainFragmentBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.MainFragmentBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/ConfigEditorFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.ConfigEditorFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/assistance/AccelerateDevelop.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.assistance.AccelerateDevelop
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentPreferencesTorAppsBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentPreferencesTorAppsBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentTorRunBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentTorRunBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/enums/BridgeType.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.enums.BridgeType
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesKiller.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesKiller
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_bridges/PreferencesTorBridges.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_bridges.PreferencesTorBridges
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_bridges.PreferencesTorBridges$1
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/AskAccelerateDevelop.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.AskAccelerateDevelop
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_bridges/ObfsBridge.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_bridges.ObfsBridge
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/PrefManager.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.PrefManager
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/TorRefreshIPsWork.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.TorRefreshIPsWork
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentPreferencesDnscryptRelaysBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentPreferencesDnscryptRelaysBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_ips/UnlockTorIpsFrag.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_ips.UnlockTorIpsFrag
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/PathVars.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.PathVars
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/file_operations/FileOperations.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.file_operations.FileOperations
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.file_operations.FileOperations$1
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/backup/BackupHelper.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.backup.BackupHelper
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentDnscryptRunBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentDnscryptRunBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/iptables/ModulesIptablesRules.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.iptables.ModulesIptablesRules
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/TorExtractCommand.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.TorExtractCommand
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/file_operations/OnFileOperationsCompleteListener.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.file_operations.OnFileOperationsCompleteListener
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/progressDialogs/ImportRulesDialog.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.progressDialogs.ImportRulesDialog
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesAux.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesAux
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesStateLoop.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesStateLoop
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dnscrypt_fragment/DNSCryptFragmentPresenterInterface.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dnscrypt_fragment.DNSCryptFragmentPresenterInterface
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentCountrySelectBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentCountrySelectBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/AskForceClose.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.AskForceClose
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/AddDNSCryptServerDialogFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.AddDNSCryptServerDialogFragment
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.AddDNSCryptServerDialogFragment$OnServerAddedListener
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/NotificationDialogFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.NotificationDialogFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/BootCompleteReceiver.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.BootCompleteReceiver
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_ips/DialogEditHostIP.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_ips.DialogEditHostIP
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/iptables/IptablesRules.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.iptables.IptablesRules
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ContextUIDUpdater.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ContextUIDUpdater
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_countries/SelectedCountries.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_countries.SelectedCountries
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesStarterHelper.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesStarterHelper
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentProxyBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentProxyBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentPreferencesTorBridgesBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentPreferencesTorBridgesBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ContentSettingsBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ContentSettingsBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/ExtendedDialogFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.ExtendedDialogFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/AgreementLayoutBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.AgreementLayoutBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentItpdRunBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentItpdRunBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/enums/FileOperationsVariants.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.enums.FileOperationsVariants
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/NewUpdateDialogFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.NewUpdateDialogFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/Installer.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.Installer
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/SwitchItemBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.SwitchItemBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/iptables/IptablesRulesSender.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.iptables.IptablesRulesSender
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/dnscrypt_servers/DNSServersAdapter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_servers.DNSServersAdapter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_servers.DNSServersAdapter$DNSServersViewHolder
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/main_fragment/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.main_fragment.ViewPagerAdapter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.main_fragment.ViewPagerAdapter$ViewPagerFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/help/HelpActivityReceiver.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.help.HelpActivityReceiver
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/update/DownloadTask.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.update.DownloadTask
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_countries/Countries.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_countries.Countries
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/show_rules/ShowRulesRecycleFrag.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.show_rules.ShowRulesRecycleFrag
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.show_rules.ShowRulesRecycleFrag$RulesAdapter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.show_rules.ShowRulesRecycleFrag$RulesAdapter$RuleViewHolder
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.show_rules.ShowRulesRecycleFrag$RulesAdapter$RuleViewHolder$1
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/tor_fragment/TorFragmentPresenter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.tor_fragment.TorFragmentPresenter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.tor_fragment.TorFragmentPresenter$1
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_ips/DialogHostIP.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_ips.DialogHostIP
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_bridges/GetNewBridges.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_bridges.GetNewBridges
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dnscrypt_fragment/DNSCryptRunFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dnscrypt_fragment.DNSCryptRunFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_apps/UnlockTorAppsFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_apps.UnlockTorAppsFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/itpd_fragment/ITPDFragmentView.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.itpd_fragment.ITPDFragmentView
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ItemRulesBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ItemRulesBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentTopBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentTopBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/FileShortener.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.FileShortener
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/RootExecService.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.RootExecService
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.RootExecService$ExecRunnable
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/MainActivity.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.MainActivity
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.MainActivity$1
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.MainActivity$2
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/AssetsExtractCommand.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.AssetsExtractCommand
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_ips/GetHostIP.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_ips.GetHostIP
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/ApManager.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.ApManager
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.ApManager$1
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/iptables/Tethering.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.iptables.Tethering
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/enums/VPNCommand.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.enums.VPNCommand
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/file_operations/OnBinaryFileOperationsCompleteListener.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.file_operations.OnBinaryFileOperationsCompleteListener
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/UpdateModulesDialogFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.UpdateModulesDialogFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/IconImageNewTorIdentityBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.IconImageNewTorIdentityBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/Packet.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.Packet
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/InstallerUIChanger.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.InstallerUIChanger
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/Forward.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.Forward
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ActivityHelpBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ActivityHelpBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/service/ServiceVPNNotification.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPNNotification
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/GetIPsJobService.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.GetIPsJobService
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/DialogImportDnscryptRulesBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.DialogImportDnscryptRulesBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/enums/OperationMode.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.enums.OperationMode
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dnscrypt_fragment/DNSCryptFragmentReceiver.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dnscrypt_fragment.DNSCryptFragmentReceiver
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/service/ServiceVPN.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPN
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPN$1
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPN$2
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPN$3
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPN$4
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPN$VPNBinder
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/backup/RestoreHelper.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.backup.RestoreHelper
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/AppExitDetectService.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.AppExitDetectService
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/file_operations/ExternalStoragePermissions.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.file_operations.ExternalStoragePermissions
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ContentMainBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/file_operations/OnTextFileOperationsCompleteListener.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.file_operations.OnTextFileOperationsCompleteListener
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_preferences/PreferencesTorFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_preferences.PreferencesTorFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/PreferencesFastFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.PreferencesFastFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesStatus.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesStatus
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/tor_fragment/TorFragmentReceiver.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.tor_fragment.TorFragmentReceiver
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_ips/HostIP.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_ips.HostIP
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/PreferencesITPDFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.PreferencesITPDFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/enums/ModuleState.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.enums.ModuleState
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesRunner.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesRunner
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/LicensesScrollableTextBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.LicensesScrollableTextBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_ips/HostIPAdapter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_ips.HostIPAdapter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_ips.HostIPAdapter$HostIPViewHolder
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/progressDialogs/RootCheckingProgressDialog.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.progressDialogs.RootCheckingProgressDialog
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentFirewallBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentFirewallBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/InstallerReceiver.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.InstallerReceiver
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/BusybExtractCommand.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.BusybExtractCommand
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/Command.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.Command
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/itpd_fragment/ITPDFragmentPresenterInterface.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.itpd_fragment.ITPDFragmentPresenterInterface
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/backup/BackupActivity.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.backup.BackupActivity
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/progressDialogs/PleaseWaitProgressDialog.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.progressDialogs.PleaseWaitProgressDialog
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/dnscrypt_servers/DNSServerItem.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_servers.DNSServerItem
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentPreferencesTorIpsBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentPreferencesTorIpsBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesService.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesService
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentBackupBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentBackupBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/DNSCryptExtractCommand.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.DNSCryptExtractCommand
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/language/LanguagePreference.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.language.LanguagePreference
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesRestarter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesRestarter
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentConfigEditorBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentConfigEditorBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_countries/CountrySelectFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_countries.CountrySelectFragment
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_countries.CountrySelectFragment$1
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_countries.CountrySelectFragment$CountriesAdapter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_countries.CountrySelectFragment$CountriesAdapter$CountriesViewHolder
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/dnscrypt_relays/DNSRelayItem.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_relays.DNSRelayItem
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/RootCommands.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.RootCommands
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/PreferencesCommonFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.PreferencesCommonFragment
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.PreferencesCommonFragment$InfoNotificationProtectService
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/service/BuilderVPN.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.BuilderVPN
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/TorTransportCodeImageBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.TorTransportCodeImageBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/help/HelpActivity.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.help.HelpActivity
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/ResourceRecord.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.ResourceRecord
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/itpd_fragment/ITPDFragmentPresenter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.itpd_fragment.ITPDFragmentPresenter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.itpd_fragment.ITPDFragmentPresenter$1
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/show_rules/Rules.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.show_rules.Rules
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ItemFirewallBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ItemFirewallBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/tor_fragment/TorRunFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.tor_fragment.TorRunFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/update/UpdateCheck.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.update.UpdateCheck
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/AboutActivity.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.AboutActivity
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/zipUtil/ZipFileManager.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.zipUtil.ZipFileManager
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/dnscrypt_relays/PreferencesDNSCryptRelays.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_relays.PreferencesDNSCryptRelays
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_relays.PreferencesDNSCryptRelays$OnRoutesChangeListener
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/ITPDExtractCommand.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.ITPDExtractCommand
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/dnscrypt_relays/DNSServerRelays.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_relays.DNSServerRelays
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/SettingsParser.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.SettingsParser
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/Verifier.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.Verifier
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/data/OwnFileReader.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.data.OwnFileReader
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/Allowed.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.Allowed
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/Usage.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.Usage
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/BuildConfig.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.BuildConfig
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/dnscrypt_servers/PreferencesDNSCryptServers.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_servers.PreferencesDNSCryptServers
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentShowRulesRecycleBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentShowRulesRecycleBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/tor_fragment/TorFragmentPresenterInterface.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.tor_fragment.TorFragmentPresenterInterface
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/SettingsActivity.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.SettingsActivity
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/AgreementDialog.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.AgreementDialog
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/DialogSaveConfigChanges.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.DialogSaveConfigChanges
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/itpd_fragment/ITPDRunFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.itpd_fragment.ITPDRunFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_ips/DialogAddHostIP.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_ips.DialogAddHostIP
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/update/UpdateService.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.update.UpdateService
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_bridges/PreferencesBridges.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_bridges.PreferencesBridges
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ServiceNotification.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ServiceNotification
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/installer/ChmodCommand.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.installer.ChmodCommand
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/main_fragment/MainFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.main_fragment.MainFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/dnscrypt_relays/DNSRelaysAdapter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_relays.DNSRelaysAdapter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_relays.DNSRelaysAdapter$DNSRelaysViewHolder
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/language/LanguageList.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.language.LanguageList
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ItemDnsRelayBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ItemDnsRelayBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/FragmentPreferencesDnscryptServersRvBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.FragmentPreferencesDnscryptServersRvBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/Registration.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.Registration
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ItemDnsServerBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ItemDnsServerBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ItemBridgeBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ItemBridgeBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/LangAppCompatActivity.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.LangAppCompatActivity
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/utils/WakeLocksManager.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.utils.WakeLocksManager
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dialogs/NotificationHelper.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dialogs.NotificationHelper
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/Util.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.Util
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/ShowLogFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.ShowLogFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/tor_apps/TorAppsAdapter.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_apps.TorAppsAdapter
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_apps.TorAppsAdapter$1
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.tor_apps.TorAppsAdapter$TorAppsViewHolder
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/service/ServiceVPNHandler.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPNHandler
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPNHandler$1
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPNHandler$StartFailedException
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/backup/BackupFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.backup.BackupFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/modules/ModulesBroadcastReceiver.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesBroadcastReceiver
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.modules.ModulesBroadcastReceiver$1
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/service/ServiceVPNHelper.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.service.ServiceVPNHelper
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/SelectTorTransportBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.SelectTorTransportBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/tor_fragment/TorFragmentView.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.tor_fragment.TorFragmentView
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ItemTorAppBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ItemTorAppBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/itpd_fragment/ITPDFragmentReceiver.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.itpd_fragment.ITPDFragmentReceiver
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ItemTorIpsBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ItemTorIpsBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/IPUtil.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.IPUtil
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.IPUtil$CIDR
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/TopFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.TopFragment
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.TopFragment$1
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.TopFragment$2
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.TopFragment$OnActivityChangeListener
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.TopFragment$RootChecker
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/settings/dnscrypt_settings/PreferencesDNSFragment.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.settings.dnscrypt_settings.PreferencesDNSFragment
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/vpn/Rule.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.vpn.Rule
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/ItemCountryBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.ItemCountryBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/AddOwnServerBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.AddOwnServerBinding
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/dnscrypt_fragment/DNSCryptFragmentView.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.dnscrypt_fragment.DNSCryptFragmentView
pan/alexander/tordnscrypt/databinding/EditTextForDialogBinding.java
 pan.alexander.tordnscrypt.databinding.EditTextForDialogBinding
